Title: Dead Wrong (Advance)
Artist: The Notorious B.I.G.
[Puff Daddy] Bad Boy baby
[Notorious B.I.G.] Yeah
Yeah
Junior M.A.F.I.A
Yeah
[Puff Daddy] Yeah
B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again
Come on
Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on?
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on?
You're dead wrong
[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke, gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer, motherfucker say your prayers
"Hail Mary, full of grace"
Smack the bitch in the face, take her Gucci bag
And the North Face off her back, jab her if she act
Funny with the money, oh you got me mistaken, honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like The Vapors
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho
The head honcho, swift fist like Camacho
I got so much style I should be down with the Stylistics
"Make up to break up" 
Niggas need to wake up
Smell the indonesia
, beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia
She don't remember shit, just the two hits
Her hitting the floor and me hitting the clit
Sucking on the tits, had the hooker begging for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly, love, my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House Of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was Humpin' Around and Jump-in Around
Jacked her then I asked her, "Who's the man?" She said, "B-I-G"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)

Repeat Chorus Twice
[Verse 2: Eminem]
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin': horse's heads
Human sacrifices, canibalism, candles and exorcism
Animals having sex with 'em, camels, mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit, I just
Beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin', meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin'
I got a nine in my pocket, and baby I'm just
Dyin' to cock him
He's ready for war
I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz is as
Heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door
I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread
Red on the wall
Red on the ceilin', red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wed on the third, then she's dead on the fourth
I'm dead wrong

Repeat Chorus Twice
[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
How many licks does it take to the center of my Tootsie Roll? (Or)
How many nuts to the center of your booty hole?
Hold on, shorty, cause I'm about to slap this groupie nigga
Jab this fluesy nigga, watch 'em bleed, then shit dookie, nigga
Spooky nigga, you gettin' skinny like you Pookie, nigga
Blood spill got you laggin' out like that soupie nigga
Smoke this Lucy nigga, time passin' on the frank mic
Watch 'em dyin' slow, then see ya skin, you start to change color
My goons lay the flood, leave you layin', drippin' blood
Then ended up fingerfuckin' your mother at a strip club
We dead wrong for how we gutter like how in the sudden
Fascinated how all of this street shit, we straight mother
Fuck it
We thug rugged to the tenth power
Like B.I.G. was listenin'
So Gimme The Loot for the past ten hours
Another dick
Hear the click of my gun cock
Same mentality when I was scheeming on a lunch box
Gimme that!
Twenty-focused and I'm sorry Campbell
I'm taking from you and your wife and run the baby Pamper (What?)

Repeat Chorus Til Fade