Title: Dead Presidents
Artist: J.Cole
This is the first of J. Cole’s freestyles over his mentor
Jay Z’s iconic “Dead Presidents” sample. The second was featured on The Warm Up, his second mixtape.
[Intro: J. Cole & 
Nas
]
(
Is that what you want?
)
Let me try again (Uh), yeah
(
I'm out for presidents to represent me
)
Money coming soon
I'm out for presidents to represent me
 (Omen, what up, nigga?)
And you know why his name on point 'cause he on point, pussy
Yeah (Nigga), uh
[Verse 1: J. Cole]
Give me my money, man, why else would a nigga be grinding? (Right)
Out for them diamonds, dog, how else could a nigga be shining? (True)
I'm glowing, knowing that the flow intact
Get this record deal, I swear to God, my first mil', I'm blowing that (Haha)
Like fuck it, I know I'll grow it back, shit, it's nothing
Funny how Blacks spend they dough on mad shit for stuntin' (Yeah)
But shit, that's all we know man, that's how a nigga's raised (True)
You learn 'bout two things, getting pussy, getting paid (Uh)
And you should be gettin' laid by the time you in ninth grade
So niggas lying on they dick and hoes giving nice brain, yeah
In class, dreamin' 'bout having these nice things
And then you look around and wonder why you strugglin', but them whites ain't (Hmm)
I brush it off, like, "Fuck it, it's motivation" (Yeah)
Some niggas gotta walk through life, some niggas roller skatin' (Uh)
Some niggas bypassing steps, some niggas chose to take 'em (Yeah)
And for that fortune, man, some niggas sold their soul to Satan
But fuck it, man, I ain't hatin,' I gotta go for mines
My little godsister pregnant now, I put in overtime
On my grind (Yeah), like a nigga making Folgers
I'm focused on my bite like a cobra, I'm tryna get my Oprah on
These hoes is crying 'cause I won't pay 'em attention (Nah)
Time is money, bitch, and a nigga payin' tuition (Haha)
Real niggas hustle by using their intuition (Yup)
While these fake niggas ain't about doing, they into wishin'

[Chorus: J. Cole & 
Nas
]
Uh, 
I'm out for presidents to represent me
 (Yeah)
I'm out for presidents to represent me
 (Uh)
I'm out for presidents to represent me
I'm talking Benjamins, nigga
I'm out for presidents to represent me
Grants, nigga (
I'm out for presidents to represent me
)
I'm out for presidents to represent me
 (Peep them Washingtons, man)
Tired of those (Yeah)
[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Until I'm rich, ain't no reason to settle, nigga, it's greed
That make a nigga wink at the devil to get the cheese (Yeah)
You niggas couldn't think on my level, weavin' with trees
You couldn't get this deep with a shovel, now nigga, please
I'm chasing G's, tryna throw some diamonds on them freeze
Sick shit, sneeze on some thousand-dollar sleeves
Ease to the top and I'm not finna leave 'til I'm hot
But my watch got a breeze, a south nigga
Boy, I'm shining without the diamonds in my mouth
Out grindin' while you reclinin' on your couch
I'm climbing, you haters blinded by the doubt
My niggas riding is devout, so talking violence out yo' mouth
And you gon' find what I'm about, nigga
Far from a slouch, nigga, I ain't gonna parlé with y'all
I'll probably hit ya, my hand game like Bobby Fisher
But check, them checks is all a nigga thinking
For them Presidents, I'll treat a nigga like Lincoln
, 
blaow

[Chorus: J. Cole & 
Nas
]
I'm out for presidents to represent me
 (Yeah)
I'm out for presidents to represent me
 (Definitely out for presidents to represent me, nigga)
I'm out for presidents to represent me
Money coming soon
[Outro]
Mike Charles, what's good?
Nervous Reck, what it is? Ayy
Barbed Wire, what's good? Filthe Ritch, what's good?
Germ, you out, baby
I ain't made it home yet, I'm coming soon, my nigga
Gotta get up out by your dream, you know?
You know your boy dreamin' now, easy
We went here since I was like what? Sixteen, nigga, fifteen
I'm twenty-one, I'm a grown-ass man, shit didn't change, homie
Money is coming soon, trust me, nigga
Trust me, nigga
I'm all growed up