Title: Farewell
Artist: J.Cole
The final song on J. Cole’s mixtape, Friday Night Lights.
[Intro]
Yeah, farewell
Uh, uh, uh, uh
Hey, farewell
Hey, all my niggas, farewell
Fayettenam
Look
Yeah, yeah, yeah, look
[Verse 1]
Some niggas let they dirt out, some just keep it all in 'em
So when a man dies, all his secrets go with him
And fade, a part of history no longer known
Done did a lot of dirt I'll bury with me when I'm gone
When my story's told, how will they tell it?
Will they say I was a giver or remember I was selfish?
Will they say I was a sinner or pretend I was a saint?
Will I go down as a winner, what's the picture they gon' paint?
Wouldn't say that I'm a quitter, that's one thing I know I ain't
Will they tarnish? Will they taint? Glorify me, overthink?
Say they know me, say I'm great? Say I'm phony, I was fake?
Say the things about me that they never told me to my face?
I was loved, I was hated, just a nigga with a dream
I'm a liar, I was honest, I was all of these things
When I'm gone, let 'em talk, they discussing who I am
When they bury me, just know I wasn't nothing but a man
Wasn't nothin' but a man

[Chorus]
This for them niggas climbin' heaven's stairwell
Yeah, uh, ayy, farewell
Yeah, ayy, farewell, yeah
This for them niggas climbin' heaven's stairwell, uh
I pray you farewell
I bid you farewell
Yeah, ayy, farewell
Yeah, yeah
[Verse 2]
If I should die, Lord, this here is my will
Reincarnate a nigga, send me right back to the Ville
Let me relive my younger days just once again
Reenact my memories from every friend to every sin
Keepin' demons buried in my closet
But yet, I put in work like a deposit on my bank account
My eyes lit while I think about my childhood, now I'm blankin' out
Those were truly my best days
The only thing I had to stress was how the hell to get laid
Gradually turned into me stressin' how the hell to get paid
Been making songs so long, now how the hell they get played?
Okay, I'm blowin' up quickly, I guess the flow is sickly
But yet, I can't forget my past and hope it won't forget me
Got good grades, but A's can't stop strays, so pray for me
Pour liquor for my niggas, but, hey, don't wait for me
'Cause I'm tryna cheat death, she out to bury my ass
You know the cliche "life's a bitch"? Well, I'm gon' marry that ass
Then sign a prenup
, 
think back to when we tore the skatin' rink up
Rappin' and we scrappin', we got older, hit the teen club
Gave mean mugs to niggas, but we winked to all the girls
Then we went back to the crib thinkin' we had saw the world
No, sir, came a long way from havin' mama chauffeur
It's hard to think these hoes at some point were so pure
But now we play the game
When it's over, send me back, I swear I'm not gon' change a thing
Swear I'm not gon' change a thing

[Chorus]
This for them niggas climbin' heaven's stairwell
Yeah, ayy, farewell
I pray you niggas farewell
This for them niggas climbin' heaven's stairwell
Yeah, uh, ayy, farewell, uh
Uh, ayy, farewell, uh
Yeah, ayy, farewell
Yeah
[Outro: Andre 3000]
I love who you are, love who you ain't
I love who you are, love who you ain't
I love who you are, love who you ain't
I love who you are, love who you ain't
I love who you are​