Title: Ladies
Artist: J.Cole
[Intro: J. Cole]
Yeah, hey, look
[Verse 1: J. Cole]
When she talks, she's so close-minded
All she wanna do is shop, she's so clothes-minded
Wanna cop the latest 'fore them other hoes find it
Material girl yet somehow I don't mind it
Probably 'cause she so fine it'll blow your mind
She black and Pocahontas, laid back and blow that chronic
Ass so fat, wanna tat my logo on it
So any other nigga that a tap will know it's mine
I put in work overtime
Let me cut, mow the lawn, guarantee I blow your mind
She tried to play me 'til she learned I wrote a rhyme
"That's that nigga from the Ville that I heard that 
Hova signed
The rap form Lebron, oh, girl, that boy the bomb
No chain around his neck, but better watch out for the charm"
You're not my daughter, um, but you can be my baby
Summertime, wintertime, any time, we looking for them ladies
[Chorus: J. Cole]
Yeah, ayy with your fat-ass booty and your pretty-ass weave
Yeah, now I ain't tricking, but I got a couple tricks under my sleeve
Yeah, now clap your hands one time if you know you look good
Yeah, now if you from the suburbs or the hood

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Yeah, ayy, look
She said, "I got a man," well, baby, I don't give a fuck
See, me, I understand and I ain't tryna split you up
Okay, give me your number and later I'ma hit you up
If you sleep, I'll get you up, ride over and pick you up
If it's clean, I'll lick you up, yeah, do you research
I'll rock that ass to sleep and have you sleeping in my t-shirt
Just came home from getting my South Beach on
You know I ran the streets like a dog without a leash on
She tryna get her freak on, come hop up on this ski jet
You scared of that water or you just scared to get your weave wet?
Barely got your feet wet, yes, I know where we headed
Tryna see you throw it back, let's check your reflexes
Good Lord, didn't know what I was in for
You could be my cuddy buddy, baby, what are friends for?
I speed up the tempo, them other niggas lazy
Can't fuck with nothin' younger than the '80s
I'm grown and I'm looking for some ladies
[Chorus: J. Cole]
Ladies, yeah, with your fat-ass booty and your pretty-ass weave
Yeah, it ain't no tricking, but I got a couple tricks under my sleeve
Hey, and clap your hands one time if you know you look good
Yeah, look, now if you from the suburbs or the hood
I'm lookin' for some

[Outro: Lee Fields]
Hey, girl, what's your name?
Oh, wow, you look so nice
I know your man is satisfied
Ayy, young lady, what's your name?
Oh, wow, I know your man is pleased all the way down to his knees
And what's your name?
Tell me, I know your man is worried
About where you are tonight, huh
Well, ladies, all of you ladies
All over the world
I want you to help me sing this, here we go
Ladies
Beautiful ladies
Oh, ladies
All you ladies
Beautiful ladies