Title: Nail In The Coffin
Artist: Eminem
 
[Intro]
This motherfucker, man!..
Just won't shut up, will you?!
Talkin' 'bout I owe him!..
Bitch, you owe me!
I'm promotin' you right now!
Yo, let's put the nail in this coffin!
[Chorus]
I don't wanna be like this
I don't really wanna hurt no feelings
But I'm only being real when I say
”Nobody wants to hear their grandfather rap“ (Nope)
And old men have heart attacks
And I don't wanna be responsible for that
So, put the mic down and walk away
You can still have a little bit of dignity
[Verse]
I would never claim to be no
Ray Benzino
An eighty-three-year-old fake Pacino!
So how can he hold me over some balcony without throwin' his lower back out as soon as he goes to lift me? (Ugh!)
Please, don't, you'll probably fall with me and our asses'll both be history (Aah!)
But, then again, you'd finally get your wish
‘Cause you'd be all over the street like 50 Cent (Ha-ha-ha-ha!)
You're fuckin' punk, pussy, fuck you, chump!
Give me a one-on-one, see, if I don't fuck you up!
,
Tryna jump the Ruff Ryders and they cut you up!
And you put Jada on a track, that's how much you suck!
Dick in the industry!
 
Swear that you're in the streets hustlin'
You sit behind a fuckin' desk at 
The Source
, butt-kissin'
And beggin' motherfuckers for guest appearances
And you can't even get the clearances
'Cause real lyricists don't even respect you or take you serious
It's not that we don't like you—we hate you, period!
Talk about a mid-life crisis, damn!
Last week you was shakin' Obie Trice's hand!
Now he's a buster?! What the fuck's with that?!
Get on a track, dissin' us, kissin' 50's ass!
And askin' me what I know about indictments, bite me!
Bitch, I got two cases and probation—fight me!
What do I know about standin' in front of a judge like a man
Ready to take whatever sentence he hands?
What you know about your wife slicin' her wrists, right in
Front of the only thing that you have in this world, a little girl?!
And I put that on her, when this is all over!
I would never try to make her a star and eat off her!
I don't know shit about no choppin' rocks
But what you know about Hip Hop Shops rockin' spots
Where you're the only white boy up in that bitch, just rippin'?!
Pressin' up your own fliers and your stickers, stickin'!
Them bitches up after spendin' six hours at Kinko's
Makin' copies of your covers of cassette singles
To sell them out of the trunk of your Tracer!
Spendin' your whole paychecks at Disc Makers
What you know about bein' bullied over half your life?
Oh, that's right, you should know what that's like—you're half white (Ha-ha!)
Vanilla Ice, spill the beans and rice
I'm eatin' you alive inside! Jesus Christ!
If you're that much of a gangsta, put the mic down!
You should be out killin' motherfuckers right now!
Kill a motherfucker dead! Kill him dead, bitch!
Shoot 'em in the fuckin' head! Go ahead, bitch!
Slap my mom! Slap the fuck out of her!
She can't sue you! She wouldn't get a buck out of ya!
‘Cause you're broke as fuck! You suck! You're a fuckin' joke!
If you was really sellin' coke, well, then what the fuck
You stop for, dummy?! If you slew some crack
You'd make a lot more money than you do from rap! (Ha-ha!)
You'll never have no security! You'll never be famous!
You'll never know what it's like to be rich,
 
life's a bitch, ain't it?!
 
Raymond?
Here, let me break this shit down in layman's terms for you
Just to make sure that you can understand us
And Canibus ain't usin' too many complicated fuckin' words for you!
Here, and let me slow it down for you
So that you can understand if I say it slower...
Let it go, dog, it's over

[Chorus]
I don't wanna be like this
I don't really wanna hurt no feelings
But I'm only being real when I say
”Nobody wants to hear they grandfather rap“ (Uh-uh)
And old men have heart attacks
And I don't wanna be responsible for that
So, put the mic down and walk away
You can still have a little bit of dignity
[Outro]
Ha-ha! Talkin' 'bout, I have motherfuckers callin' your crib...
Bitch, you ain't even got a fuckin' crib!..
You ain't even got a fuckin' phone... fuckin' bum...
Threatenin' to shut me down at your li-l' fuckin' 
Source
 magazine if I come back on you and attack you...
Bitch, you attacked me first, take it like a man, and shut the fuck up!
And fuck your little magazine too...
I don't need your little fuckin' magazine...
I got XXL's number anyways
And y'all can't stand it ‘cause they gettin' bigger than y'all
Oh, and, by the way, how'd I look on the VMAs?
When you was watchin' me from...
Whatever fuckin' TV he was watchin' me from...
In Boston... «the mean streets of Boston»...
Fuckin' sissy...
Think you got us scared up in here, motherfucker?
Suck our motherfuckin' dicks!
Oh...
And for those that don't know...
Don't get it twisted y'all...
The Source
 has a white owner!