Title: School Daze
Artist: J.Cole
 
[Intro]
Yeah (
As we continue on
)
Take y'all back (
The name of this shit right here is called "School Daze"
)
To them school days, yeah (
Do remember, you're listening to The Come Up
)
Fayettenam, what up, man? (
DJ OnPoint, J. Cole, c'mon
)
[Verse 1]
Y'all, we came a long way from stick and move
Niggas skippin' school just to scrap over bullshit
Nigga, if you lose, it's a wrap
Them hoes clownin', it goes down in the lunch room
I'm tryna spit this game, nigga, fuck food
Bust moves to the hallway
My niggas posted on the wall always
Ain't thinkin' 'bout class, dog, my ass tryna parlay
If we had this shit our way, we'd be standin' here all day (Hah)
But, look, the principal comin', give pounds, then we all skate
All late to class with fake passes
Livin' life in the fast lane, but ain't passin'
Daydreamin', tryna be the next Jay-Z and Dame Dashes
Ain't even open my book and it's time to change classes
Walk straight past my ex and don't speak
It's all good, I'll probably have a new ex by next week
I just think the shit we did was silly, yo, I know that
But what I wouldn't give to go back, hey

[Chorus]
Yeah, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish, yo
[Verse 2]
I walk another nigga girl to her class with my hand on her ass
If he say, "What up?" later, I just laugh
Real sneaky, yo, gotta keep it low up in math
Let my nigga read this real freaky note Kiki wrote, yeah
Hoopin' up in PE, you can't see me on this gym floor (No)
But, damn, Vanessa booty lookin' sick up in them gym shorts, uh
We bag 'em up, so y'all niggas gon' have to wait
So they passin' hate like, "Damn, I can't wait 'til they graduate"
But some of my niggas'll probably never make it
The SATs? Shit, man, I doubt they ever take it
'Cause instead of tryna send a nigga to a tutor
Them guidance counselors tryna introduce us to recruiters, it's a set-up
Mama cut the light on, time to get up
Make sure the shirt matchin' the Forces and then I head out, hah
At the time, I thought this shit was so wack
But what I wouldn't give to go back, yeah
[Chorus]
Hey, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish

[Verse 3]
I'm a little grown, but still reminisce
Close your eyes, nigga, you remember this?
Friday-night football game, something I'll forever miss
Afterparties in the gym, grindin' underneath the rim
You forgot your school ID? Fuck, nigga, you ain't gettin' in
In the hallways actin' like some hoodlums
You see that scrap? Naw, damn, I always miss the good ones
Them rumors spreadin' fast with that he say, she say
Twenty people on the phone 'cause everybody did three-way (Hah, remember that?)
Man, we played them girls for the fools
But wasn't no ladies like them ladies from other schools
'Cause seein' them same old chicks got tired quick
She was just fuckin' my boy, now she all on my dick, gossip, damn
Another chick pregnant, another nigga gone
I reminisce on all the chicks a nigga never bone
Pardon me, y'all, I'm just flippin' through some Kodaks
Sittin', wishin' I can go back, uh
[Chorus]
Yeah, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish, man
[Outro]
Yeah
This shit is dedicated to all my niggas, man
RJ, Mike Shaw, Ben Brown, yeah
B. Nasty, Big Joe, Smitty, what's good? Yeah
Terry Sanford High School, E. E. Smith, Cape Fear
Pine Forest, Douglas Byrd, South View, Seventy-First (
Shout out to Brian and Ameen
)
Westover (
My nigga Aristotle
), Gray's Creek, yeah (
Ali B., Sharon
)
Class of 2003, that's me (
Can't forget Deacon
)
(
Shout out to Jack Britt High
)
I know y'all remember them
(
It's The Come Up, niggas
)